gRPC/rpc_parser.md, before:

### The minimum size of rpc packet is 11?
    - **the version**: 1 byte
    - **the sourceIP address**: 4 bytes
    - **the destinationIP address**: 4 bytes 
    - **the playload length**: 2  bytes 

### Converting Playload length : 
    - The playload is a 2-byte integer value, when transmitted over the network, it is in network byte order (big-endian), we need to convert it from network byte order to host byte order to correctly interpret this value on host machine.  

    - `inet_ntoa` converts the binary IP address to a dotted-decimal string for readability
### Why Not Convert Other Fields?

    - **Version**: It is a single byte, so byte order conversion is unnecessary.
    - **Source and Destination IP Addresses**: These are handled by the `inet_ntoa` function, which converts the binary IP address to a readable string. The IP address itself is treated as a sequence of bytes, so explicit conversion is not required.


### `struct in_addr`

```c
struct in_addr {
    unit32_t s_addr;    
};
```

- `unit32_t` is a 32 bit integer that holds IPv4 address, the address is stored in network byte order.

- The `struct in_addr` is used for setting up Socket addresses and IP address conversion.

Commit message:

creating some parsing files for grpc

gRPC/rpc_parser.md, after:

### The minimum size of rpc packet is 11?
    - **the version**: 1 byte
    - **the sourceIP address**: 4 bytes
    - **the destinationIP address**: 4 bytes 
    - **the playload length**: 2  bytes 

## Networking layers 

1. **Ethernet layer**: data link layer whre network frames are transfered over physical media.  

2. **IP layer**: This is layer where packets are routed from source to destination. 

3. **TCP layer**: This is transport layer that ensures reliable data transmission. 

4. **HTTP/2 layer**: This is an application layer protocol that gRPC uses for transport.  

5. **gRPC layer**: This is an RPC framework that send and recieves messagers over HTTP/2.  

## Identifying gRPC traffic
the http tells the client or the server what type of data is sent, for gRPC 

1. **Capture Ethernet Frames**: Using tcpdump we can capture ethernet frames while reading directly from the network interface
2. **Extract IP packets**: Check if the etherent frame contains IP packet.  
3. **Extract TCP segments**: check the protocol field in IP packet to see if it indicates TCP (proto number 6).  
4. **Identify HTTP/2 traffic**: gRPC uses http/2 as transport protocol, HTTP traffic is usually on ports 80 (unsecured) and 443 (secured with SSL/TLS), look for http headers in TCP playload. 
5. **Check for gRPC indicators** 
- check for http headers that contain "content-type: application/grpc" 
- look for gRPC-specific metadata headers like "grpc-status" and "grpc-message".
